improve relay docs (#521)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.docs: docs/relay/relay.md

Many factors impact how you connect to the remote host, and it can be tricky to implement. There are two ways of achieving such a connection: 
- [NAT punching](../learn/listenserverhostarchitecture.md#option-c-nat-punchthrough): an advanced technique that allows you to directly connect to the host computer even if it is on another network.  
- Usage of a Relay server: the server is on the Internet with a public-facing IP that you and the host can reach. After each side binds with the Relay, they can establish a connection and send data to each other via the Relay.

Netcode does not offer tools to help you do a successful punch through a NAT. But, Unity Services provides a Relay Service that can relay all Unity Transport based technology, like Netcode.

## How does Relay work?

You need to install the Unity Relay SDK if you want to interact with the service. To install it, add `com.unity.services.relay` package to your project.

> The host of your game needs to request a Relay allocation first. This process will reserve capacity on a Relay server that will allow the clients to bind to it. Once done, you will be able to get a join code for the allocation. It is a random string that your clients will provide to the SDK to join the correct server and allocation.

Reviewer: perhaps we can use "prepare capacity" instead of "reserve capacity", just in case we overcommit at some point? Or we can update then, I don't think this document would be legally binding?

### How do I enable Relay for my project?

The first thing that needs to be understood is that Relay is a Unity service. Thus, you need to add it to your organization in the Unity Dashboard (under the multiplayer section). After that, link your project to your organization  (Project Settings -> Services). 

### How do I request an allocation?

> To create an allocation on a Relay, you need to make an authenticated call to Unity backend using their SDK. On the host, call the ```CreateAllocationAsync``` method with the maximum number of expected peers. For example, a host requesting a maximum of 3 peer connections will reserve 4 slots for a 4 player game. This function can throw exceptions, and catching them can give you hints about the underlying error.

Reviewer: "reserve" used here too, might be fine.

```csharp

> //Ask Unity Services to allocate a Relay server that will handle eight players (including host)

Reviewer: perhaps 
```suggestion
//Ask Unity Services to allocate a Relay server that will handle eight players: seven joiners and the host.
```

    //Populate the joining data
    RelayJoinData data = new RelayJoinData
    {

>         // WARNING allocation.RelayServer is deprecated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // WARNING allocation.RelayServer is deprecated. It's best to read from ServerEndpoints
```
